hello welcome to my kitchen today I'm
going to be making two is super simple
and super quick and super yummy shrimp
dish we're going to use the Italian
cheese and herb cooking cream some lemon
zest some lemon juice and some already
precooked tail on trip and we're just
going to make some quick lemon basil
trip I'm going to add some red peppers
to it for a little bit of color we're
going to serve it over knows it's going
to take us like you know about six
minutes total and it's totally awesome
you can have the stuff in sauce ready
really before you have the noodles ready
so it's pretty good so I will get this
cooking and i will show you this marcus
and his ex okay as you can see I have my
shrimp and my peppers going in some
butter in my little saucepan and now I'm
just going to go ahead and add my
Italian cooking cream to which I have
added some lemon juice and some lemon
zest
go ahead and give this a stir and get
this all incorporated and then I'm going
to put it right over top of some noodles
and top it off with a little bit of
shaved parmesan cheese and it will be
perfect and ready to go as you can see I
have my accent all finished here my
lemon basil shrimp now that Italian
cooking cream was so wonderful that the
only thing you have to add to it for
this recipe is the bottom edge
expression pin and the lemon juice and
lemon zest do you want a little green
color to this dish you could certainly
add some chopped fresh basil or even a
package of God and squeezed dry chopped
spinach now the only other thing that
I'm going to add is a little bit of
shaved parmesan cheese and then I'm
going to sit down have an absolutely
fantastic lunch